Add basic cron syntax in documentation (#25078)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/cron-jobs.md

([Running Automated Tasks with a CronJob](/docs/tasks/job/automated-tasks-with-cron-jobs/)
takes you through this example in more detail).

> ### Basics of CronJob syntax

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
### Cron schedule syntax
```

```
# ┌───────────── minute (0 - 59)
# │ ┌───────────── hour (0 - 23)
# │ │ ┌───────────── day of the month (1 - 31)
# │ │ │ ┌───────────── month (1 - 12)
# │ │ │ │ ┌───────────── day of the week (0 - 6) (Sunday to Saturday;
# │ │ │ │ │                                   7 is also Sunday on some systems)
# │ │ │ │ │
# │ │ │ │ │
# * * * * *

> ```

Reviewer: BTW this would work better as a diagram than as “ASCII art”

> # * * * * * <command to execute>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# * * * * *
```

| Entry 										| Description																									| Equivalent to |
| ------------- 						| ------------- 																							|-------------  |
| @yearly (or @annually)		| Run once a year at midnight of 1 January										| 0 0 1 1 * 		|
| @monthly 									| Run once a month at midnight of the first day of the month	| 0 0 1 * * 		|
| @weekly 									| Run once a week at midnight on Sunday morning								| 0 0 * * 0 		|
| @daily (or @midnight)			| Run once a day at midnight																	| 0 0 * * * 		|

> | @hourly 									| Run once an hour at the beginning of the hour								| 0 * * * * 		|

Reviewer: Ideally, add a [caption](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/hugo-shortcodes/#table-captions) for accessibility.

> | @reboot 									| Run at startup																							| N/A 					|

Reviewer: I'd omit this table - especially `@reboot`.

Reviewer 2: Interesting ... does `@reboot` work or not?

Author: Yeah, as far I know it works

Author: I think it is good to add.

Reviewer: Let's document _what_ is being booted when this runs.

Author: I thinkg `@reboot` is not implemented.

> Example, the line below states that the job must be scheduled every friday as well as the 13th of each month at midnight :

Reviewer: For example, the line below states that the task must be started every Friday at midnight, as well as on the 13th of each month at midnight:

`0 0 13 * 5`

> To generate cron-job schedule expression, we can also use tools like [crontab.guru](https://crontab.guru/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate CronJob schedule expressions, you can also use web tools like [crontab.guru](https://crontab.guru/).
```
